new docker image to open jupyterlab and restrict download (#126)
uc-cdis/containers: jupyter-covid19-restrict-download/README.md

> # TL;DR
> 
> A "restircted" build of `jupyter-slim`.  Basically the same as `../jupyter-slim/`, but it restricts user to download anything from the jupyter lab
> 
> ## Run locally
> 
> ```
> docker-compose -f ./jupyterslim.yaml up
> ```
> 
> Then connect to http://localhost:9880/lw-workspace/proxy/
> 
> ## Deploy to hatchery
> 
> ```
> manifestFolder="$whatever/cdis-manifest/your.commons/manifests/hatchery"
> cp jupyterslim.yaml "$manifestFolder/"
> appdata="$(
>   cat - <<EOM
>     {
>       "type": "dockstore-compose:1.0.0",
>       "path": "/hatchery-more-configs/jupyterslim.yaml",
>       "name": "Gen3_Slim_Jupyter_Notebook"
>     }
> EOM
> )"
> if jq --argjson appdata "$appdata" '.["more-configs"] |= . + [$appdata]' < "$manifestFolder/hatchery.json" > "$manifestFolder/hatcheryNew.json"; then
>   mv "$manifestFolder/hatcheryNew.json" "$manifestFolder/hatchery.json"
> fi
> 
> ```
> 
> ## Version
> 
> Run `jupyter --version` in a terminal to get version information:
> 
> ```
> $ jupyter --version
> jupyter core     : 4.6.3
> jupyter-notebook : 6.0.3
> qtconsole        : not installed
> ipython          : 7.15.0
> ipykernel        : 5.3.0
> jupyter client   : 6.1.3
> jupyter lab      : 2.1.3
> nbconvert        : 5.6.1
> ipywidgets       : 7.5.1
> nbformat         : 5.0.6
> traitlets        : 4.3.3
> ```
> 
> Note: the versions shown above may not apply to current image versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TL;DR

A "restricted" build of `jupyter-slim`.  Basically the same as `../jupyter-slim/`, but it restricts user to download anything from the jupyter lab
```

Reviewer: Hi @urvi-occ, I think maybe you forgot to push changes?
